Ctrl-A How do you go to the beginning of the line you are currently typing on?
Ctrl-E How do you go to the end of the line you are currently typing on?
Ctrl-Q How do you clears everything on current line?
Ctrl-L How do you clear the screen using the control key?
Ctrl-K How do you cut everything forward to end of line?
Ctrl-U How do you cut everything backwards to beginning of line?
Ctrl-W How do you cut one word backwards using white space as delimiter?
Ctrl-Y How do you paste whatever was cut by the last cut command?
Command-X How do you cut the selected item and copy it to the clipboard?
Command-C How do you copy the selected item to the clipboard?
Command-V How do you paste the contents of the clipboard into the current document or app?
Command-Z How do you undo the previous command?
Command-Shift-Z How do you redo to reverse the undo command?
Command-A	How do you select All items?
Command-F How do you find items in a document or open a Find window?
Command-G	How do you find Again? (Find the next occurrence of the item previously found.)
Command-H	How do you hide the windows of the front app?
Command-Option-H How do you view the front app but hide all other apps?
Command-K How do you clear the screen using the command key?
Command-M	How do you minimize the front window to the Dock?
Command-Option-M How do you minimize all windows of the front app?
Command-N How do you open a new document or window?
Command-O How do you open the selected item, or open a dialog to select a file to open?
Command-P How do you print the current document?
Command-S How do you save the current document?
Command-W	How do you close the front window?
Command-Option-W How do you close all windows of the app?
Command-Q How do you quit the app?
Option-Command-Esc How do you force quit?
Command–Space bar How do you show or hide the Spotlight search field?
Command-Tab How do you switch to the next most recently used app among your open apps?
Shift-Command-Tilde (~) How do you switch to the next most recently used window of the front app?
Shift-Command-3 How do you take a screenshot of the entire screen?
Command-Comma (,) How do you open preferences for the front app?
